Revised error handling docs (#234)
vaadin/docs: articles/fusion/application/error-handling.asciidoc

The most common ones are described below.

=== Missing Endpoint

If the request addresses an endpoint or a method name not present on the backend, the server responds with https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/404[404 Not Found] and Fusion raises an error of type `EndpointError`.

=== Parameter Validation Error

If the corresponding method on the backend part was found for the request, but the parameter count and types do not match the endpoint method (see <<../advanced/type-conversion#,Type conversion between JavaScript and Java>> for more details about the type conversion rules), the server responds with https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/400[400 Bad Request] and Fusion raises an error of type `EndpointValidationException`.
The error instance contains a field `validationErrorData` holding validation error information for each invalid parameter.

For example, given the following endpoint expecting a `java.time.LocalDate` parameter:

[source,Java]
----
include::{root}/src/main/java/com/vaadin/demo/fusion/errorhandling/DateEndpoint.java[]
----

> A call with an illegal data parameter will raise an `EndpointValidationException` with information about which parameters failed validation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A call with an illegal data parameter raises an `EndpointValidationException` with information about which parameters failed validation:
```

Author: Done.

[source,typescript]
----
include::{root}/frontend/demo/fusion/errorhandling/catch-invalid-args.ts[]
----

Note that when using <<../forms/binder-validation#,server-side form validation>>, validation exceptions from the server are handled automatically by the form binder.

=== Server Side Errors

If the endpoint exists and its parameters could be passed, but its execution raises a Java runtime exception, the server responds with
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/500[500 Internal Server Error] and Fusion raises an error of type `EndpointError`. As a special case, if the server-side exception is an instance of `com.vaadin.flow.server.connect.exception.EndpointException` or its subclass, the server instead responds with https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/400[400 Bad Request] and the exception type and message passed to the `EndpointException` in Java are available in the `EndpointError` instance via the `type` and `message` attributes.
For example, given the following endpoint implementation:

[source,Java]
----
include::{root}/src/main/java/com/vaadin/demo/pwa/offline/DataEndpoint.java[]
----

> The following client-side call to the endpoint method will log the error message and exception type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following client-side call to the endpoint method logs the error message and exception type:
```

Author: Done.

[source,typescript]
----
include::{root}/frontend/demo/fusion/errorhandling/catch-error.ts[]
----

== Network Errors

> When the server is not reachable due to outage or network disruption, an endpoint call will result in a low-level network error, different from `EndpointError`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the server is not reachable due to outage or network disruption, an endpoint call results in a low-level network error, different from `EndpointError`.
```

Author: Done.
